Everyone and welcome to this section in this section we're going to give you kind of a very powerful
module.
It's what we call a seesaw.
It can be used for images.
Mainly visualization.
In science scientists very powerful very interesting actually instead of actually going in here and
show you step by step how can we do that.
We're going to take a look at two examples to show you how powerful keyboard could be.
So first we get imported penders as important umpires MP import metalocalypse penalty with them many
times imported seaborne s s n s.
That's kind of statistical data visualization tool.
They were going to be using.
That's right it and here's what I'm going to do here.
I'm going to import simply a kind of a dataset that's already contained within what we call of the year
Escuela library.
It has tons of data can be used for machine learning.
So what are we going to hear in a notebook.
Breast cancer.
It's just it's a beta said.
They can be used to simply classify cancer as malignant melanoma or benign cancer.
I'm going to want to go into the details of it.
I just want to give you the data so let's assume there's just going to view the data so that's hitting
an important data first.
So I'm going to important Lord breast cancer.
There's a dataset I'm going to put different escola in the data sets.
All right.
And then I'm going to the deadliest cancers here I'm going to create a data frame.
I hope you guys are experts right now.
Wouldn't you consider it a flame.
Well I'm going to do it in a credo.
OK.
Create the data and the target and these other columns are going to be selecting feature names and Target.
Right.
Bear with me on this little bit.
Might look a little bit confusing but if we view the data frame d.f. and skin cancer head this isn't
going to be getting so we have seams of columns 31 columns actually showing the different characteristics
of the data.
So we have let's say I mean radius mean sherrard mean perimeter area and so on and so forth.
Okay that's all the data we're getting.
All right along here the last column of the target which indicating you put zero on one indicating if
it's if the cancer is malignant or benign.
Simply put you get images of cancer.
Date of breast cancer in what it going to do with going to say okay I'm going to look at the nucleus
and see what's the I mean what's the radius What's the area what's the how smooth the cells are and
then you can specify if that cancer is tumour is cancerous or malignant or benign cancer on it.
So it's assumed again all that just don't worry about it.
Let's assume that you know we haven't seen anything so far or what we have just I have a data frame
and we're going to do he is going to show the power power of seabourn.
OK.
So what we could do here going to plot what we call in the s.a. peer plot.
What you need to do once you have a data frame you can pass along your lead a frame d.f. underscoring
cancer and here you can specify what's your variable What.
What do you want to plop you know just pick let's say five variables mean regus mean texture mean Area
mean perimeter and mean smoothness.
And here you specify the heel which the target they're going to show what they mean by this if you're
on that front that little bit of time.
And that's the Bula of Seaport.
Okay.
See it's just it's really beautiful.
To me it's just you know it's it's incredible that you just you don't need to worry about actually plotting
this data if you want to do that from scratch that you're forever to do here.
It's very intuitive really interesting here just showed you kind of your chametz exploring all the data
you selected you selected mean regus mean text should mean Area you mean smoothness mean primly you
plug them all together end you selected the hue.
What were the targets here.
If as you call it was any kind of a kind of an index of your of okay that's kind of a label that tells
you if it's zero for it's one.
And that's why here it will show you okay that's why zero one once with these are the two different
colours were getting.
It's pretty interesting it shows you the details actually pretty much linearly separate separable.
You can actually separate them here.
And again this is just that when we go to the machine learning section this is just a quick overview
of what we could do with seaborne plodding capabilities.
So is the peer plot you pass along your a frame you specify which was the column that has kind of justification
our label if 0 and 1 and you pass along which variables you want to plot and see more and what you're
going to do that for you.
It's pretty pretty powerful.
Correct.
What if I wanted for example to count let's say the number of cases within Let's see how many cases
were malignant or benign what you could do.
You say okay what I'm going to you're going to see.
S.a. don't count plots any parcel on your date of Fame cancer and he bets along what column you want
to count.
So he wanted to count the targets.
You can see here it shows you how many elements are how many cancer elements were lignin and how many
cancer were benign.
And that's what we're getting here.
So d.f. on their so-called cancer bracket targets and you get a shawqi.
That's my label.
This label is count.
Let's run it.
And that's what we're getting.
So that's my label account.
That's my target here.
And that's how many allow many numbers so you know we have going two hundred and twenty temples that
are classified as zero.
OK.
Which is in target so if you counted the number of elements there was 220 if you count he had the number
of elements.
And I wanted two hundred and fifty.
That has a label of one.
What if I wanted to it's a plot the scatterplot which is kind of you know pretty much one of those but
just you want to plot one just don't want to do the pure plot which gloss all of them you can actually
go here and do it as well you can specify SNL staats counterplot you can specify what do you want to
plot on the x axis reader so the selected menially you can select what do you want on the y axis means
smoothness anyone and specify the hue as well of the target which you know the classes the cholera's
of his blue or image and you have to pass along the deed okay.
OK.
I'm going to get these columns.
But from what I've been offering so he'd You specify would be in a frame you're looking for which is
the f kin's if you're done that.
That's why we're getting so we a plot of the x axis.
You mean area Y axis hoople other means smoothness and the hues.
Actually the audience lines is in the dots sorry and the blue dots.
And this actually coming from the data from the from the sawkins.
What if I wanted to plot let's say the core relation between the dead.
You can do that using the what we call it s.a. stuff heat map and you pass along the F cancer which
is our data frame dot correlation.
You can play a method core to ashes to its end.
If you run it.
To take a little bit of time.
And basically this line just to show the size here.
If you have really powerful to chose you'll get out what's the correlation values between the primaries.
We have 31 columns instead of doing all the loops on them you can just do that with just one comment.
It would show you how many premolar as of how many elements of a lead.
So obviously you have point nine nine.
That means a very high correlation.
So that means the Mean area.
And if you scroll down here the move premature and the are correlated they are positively correlated
for example here.
If you have let's say.
You go down point 1 9 that means there is a minimum colation there is minus point nine seven that mean
the word is pre-eminent in mean radius the odd inversely called a later date and so forth.
That's how can you just one stop shop.
You can view of the data using the keyboard or a.
OK.
What about the annotation equates to when a nation equals two.
That would show you all the numbers in here if you want any more of this.
Okay if you want to let's say do this and replot it again it will show you that without a number okay
without all the other data.
Let's actually go back.
Okay so that's.
Again you should plot it.
If we show you the animation that we have.
All right.
Sounds great.
Let's take a look at another example for seabourn which is example to here.
And again I'm going to load another datasets that were quality the Titanic the IT asset it's pretty
interesting.
They said it would sure your key was the possibility or probability of you know someone surviving the
Titanic disaster.
Okay based on utility age based on your reclass than in your if you're a family you're not.
It's pretty interesting the a.f. can be used extensively for machine learning needs.
So going to the lead sort of going to load the data again s n s dot did a set Titanic and that will
load the data for us.
It would show us okay that's my survive.
That's the actual person survived or not.
Okay PE class.
That's my class.
I'll give a class if it's you know one this mean needs luck and luck has like a better ticketing or
more expensive ticket if it's male or female.
The age and parche unfair.
How much did they pay for it embarked which poured at the blog from.
Again I'm not going to go through all that data.
Just going to show you how can we use keyboard to plot you know kind of a subset of the dealer.
So this is my way to count plots.
You to pass along the date of Fame Titanic data.
And I took to talk about let's say the class.
Okay.
So that would show me okay.
So how many people are willing the first class how many people do in the second class and how many people
third class.
There's the class common here.
So a a majority of them were actually in the third class which makes sense.
The next step is okay what if I want to let's say to count how many people survive that I teneycke if
you run this now I would tell you that's the number of people survive.
So that's where people survive.
So unfortunately a lot of them actually died in the disaster.
So again you specify s.a. don't count plant use.
You pass along you were the column that you wanted to count.
And from what data from what did a free you tagalong the data from here which is the tightening dealer
and there's an offering for it.
What if I wanted to plug a little box.
Plotz And I wanted to show the class along with the age.
If you had that that would show you let's say if you had a first class second class third class and
it would show you the age basically very Asian.
So that's kind of a one way again.
It's very interesting to analyze the data before running any machine learning algorithm.
If you want to plot lived this wiring plots you know and that's Which one sure you kind of you know
the distribution of the different elements use you have first class second class third class and there's
a bill that's on the x axis on the y axis.
I'm sure the age.
And that's kind of you know a different type of plot.
You know I just wanted again to show you the power of seabourn.
You can do box lards can do swamplands.
What if I wanted to do this see joint plots that you done that that would show me the joint class.
We had a plot of the fear along with the edge and would show you kind of you know the distribution has
worked here for the joint plot too.
OK.
Again you can use it extensively if you're doing a lot of machine learning algorithms or statistical
analysis using keyboard.
All right.
Well if I wanted to plot the distribution you can use walk out distribution plot it would show you the
fear again how many people do you see it can specify kind of a histogram you can show the bins how many
bins he does 525.
Any case specify the colour as well.
More red.
And he would show you the fear.
How many people actually bother the fear.
So a lot of people actually bought it for cheap and is very leery of who bought it or paid more than
two hundred dollars for it.
All right.
And finally you plot again the correlation of that before you can pass along the data frame Titanic
underscored data dot correlation any kind of specify annotation for to to actually plot or view the
stations.
If you do this it will show you you know kind of you know the correlation between the dealer.
So there's kind of you know a pretty much very minimal coordination between the dealer Okay.
And.
And yeah that's which is going to give you an overview of the detail before applying any machine learning
algorithm.
All right.
And again perfect job.
Now you guys are ready for the practical part of the course.
You'll enjoy that section and see you in the next section of the course.